chore: Bump version to 8.0.0-rc.0 w/ changelog (#1462)
dynatrace-oss/barista: CHANGELOG.md

## [8.0.0-rc.0](https://github.com/dynatrace-oss/barista/compare/7.0.0...8.0.0-rc.0) (2020-08-10)

### BREAKING CHANGES

> * **empty-state:** Remove ViewportResize and let the resize observer handle the layout changes. Therfore the custom empty state base class is not used anymore and is deleted now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **empty-state:** Remove ViewportResizer from constructor and let the resize observer handle the layout changes. Therfore the custom empty state base class is not needed anymore and was removed.
```

> * **radio-group:** Remove custom Injection of ngControl and default null assignment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **radio-group:** Remove custom injection of ngControl and default null assignment.
```

* **switch:** Remove custom Injection of ngControl and default null assignment.

> * **checkbox:** Remove custom Injection of ngControl and default null assignment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **checkbox:** Remove custom injection of ngControl and default null assignment.
```

> * **sunburst-chart:** Make constructor parameters required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **sunburst-chart:** Made multiple constructor parameters required.
```

> * Update Angular peer dependency version to 10.x and tslib to 2.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated Angular peer dependency version to 10.x and tslib to 2.x
```

## [8.0.0-rc.0](https://github.com/dynatrace-oss/barista/compare/7.0.0...8.0.0-rc.0) (2020-08-10)

### BREAKING CHANGES

- **empty-state:** Remove ViewportResize and let the resize observer handle the
  layout changes. Therfore the custom empty state base class is not used anymore
  and is deleted now.
- **radio-group:** Remove custom Injection of ngControl and default null
  assignment.
- **switch:** Remove custom Injection of ngControl and default null assignment.
- **checkbox:** Remove custom Injection of ngControl and default null
  assignment.
- **sunburst-chart:** Make constructor parameters required.

> - Update Angular peer dependency version to 10.x and tslib to 2.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update Angular peer dependency version to 10.x
- Added tslib 2.x as a dependency
```

> Co-authored-by: ffriedl89 <ffriedl89@gmail.com>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
